hi everyone today I'm going to be making
my ipod 5 case collection video I have
six cases I will have seven soon because
i'm getting a minion case so let's start
this is my first case i ever got spec
it's hard to develop your the first day
I got it like fall over here I was like
25 bucks for nothing this is closed for
headaches twitter us you need to look on
as I I'm telling you to local an Amazon
because Amazon is really cheap it just
looks hard to get off got it well the
second case i forgot is this Pepsi case
for the iphone 4s my friend gave to me
I'm not sure almost caught I how about
just calls but maybe if you like sir
amazon for it this time account is like
super cheap my minion case is to balk
when you probably get on ebay / like
head
I still wear it but Turner ok so my
third case i forgot i'm missing a jewel
here like right here i still wear that I
think it's really cool to silicon just
push twenty dollars at the mall that one
of them something cars yeah my fourth
case I've got is this wallet case yeah
the thing I like about this case is when
your ipods in here in this part you can
play on your ipod like I'll show
so you can like switch it around go play
on Instagram I'll give you that lion
scared to go follow me let's go down the
video ok here is my bumper I got at the
dollar store for the I can fly but i
still wear it sometimes that's what it
looks like those dollars just got it
anyway my very favorite case and my last
case before me minion might get it but
this time our case is is super adorable
I love it it's like majorly keep you
don't go on the head so please comment
and subscribe all my videos I will be
making some wrangling videos where um um
please follow me on instagram my it's a
little weird my profile name is Craig
Wright a day my name is Taylor and I am
going crazy so Craig Craig Cate a begins
with k ra ngoai k ra y que ta watch da y
so please follow me learners scream oh I
will see you in my next video we'll see
me so bye please comment and subscribe